Axial tilt (obliquity)
        The angle between an object's rotational axis and its orbital axis;
        equivalently, the angle between its equatorial plane and orbital plane.

dipole tilt angle (dipole angle to GSMz)
        It is clear that the GSM z-axis is not coincident with the magnetic
        dipole. The dipole tilt angle is the angle of the north magnetic pole
        to the GSM z-axis, and is positive when the north magnetic pole
        is tilted toward the sun. In addition to a yearly period due to the
        motion of Earth about the sun, this coordinate system rocks about
        the x-axis with a 24 h period. The y-axis lies in Earth's magnetic
        equator and is positive toward the dawn-dusk meridian.

GEI     The Geocentric Equatorial Inertial System (GEI) has its X-axis pointing
        from the Earth towards the first point of Aries (the position of the sun
        at the vernal equinox). This direction, when the Earth's equatorial plane
        tilt axis is aligned toward the sun, is the intersection of the Earth's
        equatorial plane and the solar ecliptic plane. The Z-axis is parallel to
        Earth's rotation axis, and Y completes the RHCS.
        The normal GEI coordinate system changes slowly in time, owing to the
        effects of astronomical precession and the nutation of the Earth's rotation
        axis. Strict observance of the epoch-of-date inertial system is necessary
        for accurate calculations. Hapgood (1995) describes how the transformations
        should be adjusted to take account of this time dependence of the GEI system.

GEO     The Geographic (GEO) coordinate system:
    The Z GEO axis coincides with the Earth's rotation axis,
    The X GEO axis is the Greenwich meridian,
    The Y GEO completes a RHCS.

GMST    Greenwich Mean Sidereal Time is the angle, measured from the observer's
        meridian, along the celestial equator, to the great circle that passes
        through the point of the last vernal equinox and both poles, and is
        usually expressed in decimal hours or hours, minutes, and seconds.
        The celestial equator is a projection of the terrestrial equator into space.
        An equinox occurs when Earth's tilt axis is aligned with the center of the
        Sun. At that instant, Earth inclines neither toward nor away from the center
        of the Sun.

GSE     The Geocentric Solar Ecliptic System (GSE) has its x-axis pointing
        from Earth toward the sun, its z-axis perpendicular to, and positive
        upward out of, the ecliptic plane, and its y-axis chosen to complete
        a RHCS.

GSM     The Geocentric Solar Magnetospheric System (GSM) has its x-axis
        pointing from Earth toward the sun, its z-axis perpendicular to GSMx
        and lying in the plane containing the x-axis and the geomagnetic dipole,
        and its y-axis perpendicular to Earth's magnetic dipole, completing
        a RHCS. The positive GSM z-axis, which can also be described as a
        projection of the dipole on the GSE yz-plane, has the same sense as GSE.
        GSM differs from GSE by a coordinate rotation about the x-axis.

GSMz angle to GSEz
        This angle twixt GSMz and GSEz is positive when GSMz is tilted toward
        the positive GSE y-axis. See dipole_tilt_angle ().

IGRF    International Geomagnetic Reference Field

MAG     The Geomagnetic Coordinate system (MAG) is defined so that its z-axis
        is coincident with the magnetic dipole axis. The y-axis of this system is
        perpendicular to the geographic poles, that is, it lies in Earth's
        equatorial plane, such that if D is the positive dipole direction vector
        in GEI and S is the south pole direction vector in GEI, then Y = D x S.
        Finally, the x-axis completes a RHCS. This coordinate system is similar
        to GSM, but with positive MAGz pointing below the solar ecliptic plane,
        and MAGz coincident with the magnetic dipole axis.

MJD     Modified Julian Date is the number of WHOLE days since
        1858-11-17T00:00:00Z.

Proleptic Gregorian calendar
        Produced by extending the Gregorian calendar to dates preceding its
        official introduction in 1582. A calendar obtained by extension earlier
        in time than its invention or implementation is called the proleptic
        version of the calendar.

Proleptic Julian calendar
        Produced by extending the Julian calendar to dates preceding AD 4 when
        the quadrennial leap year stabilized. The leap years that were actually
        observed between the implementation of the Julian calendar in 45 BC and
        AD 4 were erratic. See proleptic Gregorian calendar.

Rotation matrix
        In each 3x3 rotation matrix, the terms in the rows of the matrix are
        the unit vector components of the new principal axes in expressed in
        the old coordinate system; for example, the x-axis of the new coordinate
        system, expressed as a unit vector in the old coordinate system, is simply
        the first row vector if the rotation matrix. The convention used here is
        that rotations are CW positive. This convention rotates VECTORS from one
        coordinate system to another.

RHCS    Right-handed coordinate system.

The Solar Magnetic (SM) coordinate system:
    The Z SM axis coincides with the geomagnetic dipole axis,
    The XZ SM plane contains the Earth-Sun direction,
    The Y SM completes a RHCS.

UTC     Coordinated Universal Time, expressed (here) in decimal hours, or
        ISO 8601-2004 format.

References
http://aa.usno.navy.mil/data/docs/JulianDate.php
http://articles.adsabs.harvard.edu/full/1983IAPPP..13...16F
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julian_day
http://www.cs.utsa.edu/~cs1063/projects/Spring2011/Project1/jdn-explanation.html
http://www-ssc.igpp.ucla.edu/personnel/russell/papers/gct1.html/